same random Forest classifier now we
load the same steps we load the iris the
X and the Y then Define the objective
function again again same same stuff so
we are defining the parameters these
parameters instead of having it as a
dictionary we are estimating we are
creating separate objects for the
parameters then pass them into the
random Forest pacifier so these values
are going directly inside all right then
we are Computing the score and since we
want to minimize it is always going to
be minimized here we are getting the
score and adding a negative to it so now
it's going to be even though this is an
accuracy we are going to minimize here
because this is having a negative sign
so that is done we set the bounce for
the various various hyper parameters we
are defining the bounds and call gpy op.
methods ban optimization we pass the
objective function bounce and
acquisition function type equal to EI
expected Improvement you could also try
the other options especially the UCB
option which could also work well now
once that is done we run the optim
mization then get the best parameters